**COMMUNITY MEMBER AGREEMENT**
**QUORUM ONE, LLC**

This Community Member Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into by and among Quorum One, LLC (“Quorum”) and the undersigned (the “Member”) as of the date Member accepts the terms. 

1. **Membership.** Members must meet the membership qualifications set forth in the Rules and Regulations (the “R&R”) and adhere to the R&R terms, found at https://wiki.quorum.one/legal.  
1. **Access and Use.** Quorum may provide Member with access to and use of various platforms, wikis, software, tools, products and services (“the Services”). Member agrees to and will abide by any additional rules for or requirements of Quorum to use and access the Services. Member shall not insert any disabling code, virus, malware, or the like into any Services or other technology used by or provided to Member or Quorum.
1. **Representations and Warranties of Quorum.** Nothing in this Agreement or the R&R shall be construed to be a (i) guarantee of work or employment; (ii) any payment to Member, or (iii) any ownership interest in Quorum.  Quorum represents and warrants only that Member may have access to certain limited services within Quorum.   
1. **Representations and Warranties of Member.**  Member hereby represents and warrants to and covenants with Quorum that: (i) the Member has the capacity to enter into this Agreement; and (ii) does hereby agree to be bound by this Agreement and the R&R, as may be amended from time to time; and (iii) to perform all the obligations required to be performed hereunder and thereunder; (iv) and that entering into this Agreement will not contravene any law, rule or regulation binding on the Member. 
1. **Confidentiality.** Member will have access to information that is treated as confidential and proprietary by Quorum including, without limitation, the existence and terms of this Agreement, trade secrets, technology, and information pertaining to business operations and strategies, customers, pricing, marketing, finances, sourcing, personnel, and/or operations of Quorum, its affiliates, or their suppliers or customers, in each case whether spoken, written, printed, electronic, or in any other form or medium, whether or not marked as “confidential” (collectively, the "Confidential Information"). Member agrees to (i) treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential; (ii) not to disclose Confidential Information or permit it to be disclosed, in whole or part, to any third party; and (iii) not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose without the prior written consent of Quorum..
1. **Contributions and Intellectual Property.**  Member and Quorum each retain ownership of their respective existing IP and nothing in this Agreement will be construed to grant a license or transfer of any IP rights of one party to another. Member retains all right, title, and interest in and to the materials resulting from Member’s interaction with the Services including contributions, observations, communications, feedback, code, whether complete or works in progress, in whatever mediation. If Member enters into an employment, consulting, or other contract with Quorum, the IP produced under that agreement will be governed by that contract.  
1. **Term; Termination.**  This Agreement remains in force in perpetuity until terminated according to the R&R. 
1. **Amendment.** This Agreement may not be modified, changed, or amended by Member except by a writing signed by both parties.   Quorum may modify, change, or amend this Agreement at any time, and will provide ten (10) days prior notice to Member for material changes.
1. **Assignability.** Member may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of Quorum
1. **Release Of Liability.** Member hereby agrees that neither Quorum nor any of its directors, members, managers, org point, trustees, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents shall be liable for any damages from personal injury or property damage sustained by Member using the Services. Member acknowledges and agrees that Member assumes full responsibility for any such injuries or damages to Member or their successors, assigns, or heirs.  
1. **Mutual Indemnification:** Each party (each, the "Indemnifying Party") agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold the other party (each, the "Indemnified Party"), harmless from and against any and all third-party claims, losses, liabilities, damages, expenses, and costs, including reasonable outside attorneys' fees and court costs, to the extent arising out of the Indemnifying Party's: (1) negligence or willful misconduct; or (2) material breach of any of the terms of this Agreement. 
1. **ADR.** If Member and Quorum are unable to resolve a dispute between them, they shall attempt to informally mediate for thirty (30) days. If mediation is unsuccessful, any unresolved disputes shall be submitted to binding arbitration under the rules of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services in San Francisco, California.  . 
1. **Submission to Jurisdiction.** With respect to any suit, action or proceeding relating this Agreement Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located in the County of San Francisco, State of California. 
1. **Governing Law.** This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to choice of laws rules. 
1. **Notices.** All notices and other communications to Quorum shall be sent to [notices@quorum.one](mailto:notices@quorum.one).  Communications by Quorum will be sent to the most recent email provided by Member.
1. **Binding Effect.** This Agreement shall be binding upon and accrue to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns. 
1. **Survival.** All representations, warranties and covenants in this Agreement shall survive its termination. 
1. **Severability.** If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

BY SUBMITTING THIS FORM, MEMBER EXPRESSLY AGREES TO AND CONSENTS TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS.

**[ End of Document ]**
